---
title: Day Trading Scan For Trading Date 2016.06.28
layout: post
category: scans
---

Overview
--- 

**Note:** I suspect Brexit will have a lingering effect on the US market this week. Later in the week may be quiet, with the 4th of July coming up, so should make for some interesting trading.

Moving forward my goal is to have good long and short options every day, ideally providing setups regardless of the general market trend. In the short term my goals are a) to diversify my screeners to catch more oppportunities b) to trade by alerts rather than watching these tickers and anticipating trades and c) to log the trades (paper, for now) that I do make (see the revision to yesterday's scans)

**Disclaimer:** I am not a broker or dealer. I am not qualified nor do I wish to offer investment or financial advice. I am publishing these trades for my own educational purposes. My theses may be incorrect and trading these tickers may result in financial loss/ruin. All trades undertaken are done so at your own risk.

***

ADBE (Previous Close: <mark>90.85</mark> | ATR: <mark>$2.05</mark>)
---
**Bias**: Long

**Why**: Looks oversold, especially with Friday's action. 

**Trade Plan:** Same plan as today. Not going to try to guess the bottom here but next support levels appear to be 90 and even 88.50. If market opens weak, watch these levels. Must show higher lows before I'm interested.

**Levels of Interest**:

* Support: $88.50, 90


***

CAR (Previous Close: <mark>31.71</mark> | ATR: <mark>$1.38</mark>)
---
**Bias**: Short

**Why**: Annoyed I didn't take this trade today. Should have had alerts set up.Big red day today with close at low. This may drop further. 

**Trade Plan:** Ideally strong open and push above 29 that fails to hold.

**Levels of Interest**:

* Support: $28.80s

***

DATA (Previous Close: <mark>47.15</mark> | ATR: <mark>$1.94</mark>)
---
**Bias**: Long

**Why**: Tech stocks are getting hammered after the Brexit vote. DATA has been hit particularly hard. It could keep tumbling, but I'm waiting for a green day to go long.

**Trade Plan:** 

Looking for weak open and confirmation of support at 45. If tech sector is still in the red, I won't touch this trade.

**Levels of Interest**:

* Support: $45
