---
layout: post
title:  "Three Simple Trading Rules for Novice Day Traders"
date:   2016-02-17 17:03:00
---

This post attempts to condense all of my early trading mistakes into a few simple rules. Before we start, you need to realize that you are not special. When it comes to day trading, you can expect the same trials and tribulations as anyone else. Statistics suggest that you will fail. You are not an outlier and if you expect quick success you are going to be disappointed. Beginners luck, if you have have any, will quickly dry up and you will realize that you are not exceptional - if you were, you probably wouldn't be reading this blog. Be humble, remain patient while you pay your dues and learn your lessons well. If you are unwilling to do so you'll wash out like so many before you.

#####1. Keep it simple
Separating the signal from the noise is crucially important. **Firstly**, as you begin your day trading journey many outlets (print/digital/social media/chatrooms/alert services/etc.) will attempt to sell you products and services. There are countless individuals and organizations willing to educate or provide real time entries for free or for profit. More isn't always better. As you jump between products and gurus, you waste time and capital. Find something that appeals to your style and your strengths and follow it exclusively. Exhaust one medium before switching to another. Worst case scenario, you'll learn the limitations of the method at hand, guiding your next choice. 

**Secondly**, as you trade it's easy to overburden yourself with indicators and overlays and all manner of sexy tools that do little more than slow you down. Remember, if it isn't essential, then it serves only to add cognitive overhead. The less overhead, the easier it is to make split-second decisions. 

#####2. Have YOUR OWN plan
Have a plan. Study charts, create scans, set up alerts *before* market open. Do your due diligence. Make sure that the plan is your own, even if the trade idea originates with someone else. You have a unique risk tolerance and psychological makeup that must be factored into the equation when planning your trades. There are good gurus and bad gurus out there. The market moves fast and even a benevolent guru won't be able to help when a trade goes against you. Never ever follow blindly.

So, what do you need? You need to know your trade direction (long/short), desired entry price, how much you are willing to risk, and your desired reward. You need to know if the ticker in question is thinly traded and you need to know the bid/ask spread. Know your risk and potential reward with every single scan. If the potential reward isn't there, stay away - it's not worth your time. *Write your trade plan on paper* and review after the fact. Don't trade unless you are 100% comfortable with your plan. If you plan and fail, thes lessons learned will make you a stronger trader. If you copy and fail, you'll receive nothing for your money. 

#####3. Don't even contemplate using MENTAL stops
If you have a plan, you'll know where to place your stops. And if you know your stops, you possess control over your losses. If you're new, you *must* automate this using hard stops. The market offers unlimited opportunity. Your personal opportunity is limited by only two factors. **Firstly,** you are mortal. There's nothing we can do about that so let's move on. **Secondly,** you have finite financial resources. If you lose enough money you will stop trading, possibly for good. The best way to stop this from happening is by taking small, controlled losses. Trading is 50% strategy and 50% psychology. Your emotions will play games with you when things are going against you. Computers don't have emotions. Set hard stops and eradicate the chance of a trade getting out of control. Yes, you will get stopped out from time to time, but you can analyze and adjust your risk for subsequent trades. Chances are that if you're new, this is the least of your worries.