---
title: Day Trading Scan For Trading Date 2016.06.21
layout: post
category: scans
---

Overview
--- 
I'm trying to find a structure for my scans. The 'Why' seems important, as do levels of interest and potential theses. This will be refined as I go.

**Disclaimer:** I am not a broker or dealer. I am not qualified nor do I wish to offer investment or financial advice. I am publishing these trades for my own educational purposes. My theses may be incorrect and trading these tickers may result in financial loss/ruin. All trades undertaken are done so at your own risk.

***

YELP (Previous Close: <mark>28.44</mark> | ATR: <mark>$0.90</mark> | ^VIX: 18.20 from 19.41)
---
**Bias**: Short

**Why**: Getting into overbought territory. Failed 28.80 push today and closed low given the range on the day.

**Plan:**

* Ideally <mark>28.80 push and fail</mark>, then re-test and fail. If push and fail will short with risk at this level. If 28.80 breaks and holds will not trade as this could push to 29 and beyond.

**Levels of Interest**:

* Resistance: $28.80
* Support: $26.50

***

Z (Previous Close: <mark>34.76</mark> | ATR: <mark>$1.11</mark> | ^VIX: 18.20 from 19.41)
---
**Bias**: Short

**Why**: Getting into overbought territory. 5 green candles in a row.

**Plan:**

* I'd like to see <mark>35 push and fail</mark>. Wait for confirmation of fail and lower highs.

**Levels of Interest**:

* Resistance: $35
* Support: $32

***

HTZ (Previous Close: <mark>11.08</mark> | ATR: <mark>$0.58</mark> | ^VIX: 18.20 from 19.41)
---
**Bias**: Long

**Why**: Strong upward move. Has consolidated a bit and looks to be pushing towards prior high at 11.50.

**Plan:**

* Needs to hold 11 and make upward progress. Big magnet at 11.50

**Levels of Interest**:

* Resistance: $11.50
* Support: $10.25

***








